[gasp]
[gasps]
[ann]
Incredible!
Tsubasa rejects the goal by
defending it with his face.
The ball is still
in play, guys.
Get the ball back!
[gasp]
[Kojiro]
Tsubasa Ozora...
Nankatsu's genius...
Without Wakabayashi
and Misaki alongside you...
you still overcame
every obstacle in your way,
without worrying about
your opponent's strength.
How incredible.
I faced you with
all of my aggression,
with all of
my body's strength,
and with all of my teammates
support as well.
Even with all that
in my favor...
it's impossible to
defeat you on the pitch.
[panting]
[Sanae]
Don't get up again.
Please...
Let's go ahead, guys!
[ann] Nankatsu gets
the ball back.
It's the second half
of the extra time.
There's five minutes left.
Both teams have given
their all on the pitch.
The referee's
- taking a look at his watch.
-[groan]
-[panting]
-[Kojiro] There's
no one else I want to beat
more than you, Tsubasa.
Why?
Why can't I achieve it?
What do I have to do
to surpass you?
[grunt]
How Tsubasa?
How can I be better
than you?
-[narr] Episode 52:
-[ann] They are
-Endless Dream.
-only up by one goal.
Will Tsubasa's
miraculous goal
be enough to give
his team the championship?
Tsubasa, the match
-is almost over.
-[grunt]
Hang in there until the end.
Uh-huh.
[ann] Nankatsu's
been able to come back
from inconceivable
deficits.
Listen, let's finish this
once and for all.
[ann]
The white jerseys
- look very confident
-[grunt]
- in the second half against
-[yelling]
their toughest
opponents yet.
-[grunt]
-[gasps]
-Darn it all.
-We can't take it from 'em.
Not again...
We aren't losing again.
I can't lose to him
one more time!
-What's wrong, Hyuga?
-Huh?
-Get moving!
-Matsuyama!
[Hikaru]
You're just standing there
doing nothing!
If I can't reach you,
Tsubasa...
I'll just have to show you
my true self.
I'll finish this match,
playing like I've done
my whole life.
[yelling]
[ann] Hyuga desperately
runs after the ball,
- but it's useless.
-[grunt]
- His speed isn't enough
-[gasp]
- to catch up to Nankatsu.
-[grunt]
[Katagiri]
It's a shame.
He can't go head to head
with Tsubasa.
-[grunt]
-[grunt] [gasp]
-[growl]
-[pant]
[panting]
-Captain Hyuga...
-Captain...
-We need to win.
-Hmm...
-[yells]
-[ann] Bolstered by Hyuga,
all of Toho advances.
-[yell]
-[gasp]
[ann] Sorimachi's
able to get the ball.
-Everyone...
-[Yutaka] Captain!
Huh?
Thank you!
[grunt]
I'll use my style of play.
That's the only thing
that can defeat Tsubasa.
-[ann] One more attack
-Come on, Toho!
- from Toho.
-You can do it!
- There's only three minutes
-You're here to win!
on the clock.
[Kojiro]
[pant]
We're going to
give it our all.
Toho can't afford
to lose today.
Yeah.
[grunt]
This is our last duel.
[ann] All of Nankatsu
is coming back to defend.
Now!
[scream]
[ann] Hyuga faces Taki
with incredible power!
We have to prevent them
from tying.
Take the ball.
Yeah!
-[grunting]
-[ann] Oh boy!
What a beautiful
one-two pass from Toho.
-Here I go!
-We won't let you through!
-[panting]
-I'm open!
Takeshi!
[ann] And another
one-two pass.
This time, it's between
- Hyuga and Sawada.
-[panting]
Hyuga's in front of
the danger zone.
This is his chance.
With three minutes
- on the clock,
-[gasps]
Toho has another
- chance to score.
-[growl]
[grunt]
[tiger growl]
You won't score, Hyuga!
We're going to keep
Tsubasa's goal lead.
[Kojiro]
[gasp]
They formed a wall
to stop me.
Good, Nankatsu.
Tsubasa...
I lost again.
My soccer can't beat you...
but I don't care if I fall
to you for one last time.
My soccer style is power.
You'll see!
I'll destroy that wall
and destroy you
while I'm at it.
All of my family's effort,
and my teammates effort
is in my next shot.
Here I go!
This is my Tiger Shot!
[yelling]
Don't do it, Captain.
You won't be able to score
like that.
-[grunt]
-Wait up, Captain!
[gasp]
Takeshi!
[grunt]
No!
Takeshi, lift your leg up
so I can use it!
My leg?
-[yell]
-[ann] What?
What's happening?
You got it.
[grunt]
[yell]
[ann]
Hyuga piggybacked
- off Sawada's leg
-[yell]
like a trampoline.
-[gasps]
-Impossible...
What's he doing?
[gasps]
[grunt]
-Hyuga!
-Captain!
-Kojiro!
-Big Brother!
Just like your style
of play, Tsubasa?
No, this is real soccer.
-[grunt]
-[tiger growl]
Attack them,
and show them all...
the Overhead Tiger Shot!
[ann] A definitive shot
from Hyuga towards the goal!
-[gasp]
-Incredible.
[ann] The ball's traveling
like a gust of wind!
[groaning]
-[ann] The keeper Morisaki
-[gasps]
receives it with his body.
[groaning]
[ann] Morisaki's getting
pushed towards the goal.
[yelling]
-Tsubasa!
[ann] Captain Tsubasa
is able to get Morisaki.
Looks like
this'll be Nankatsu's
- third championship.
-[gasps]
Tsubasa!
[grunt]
[groan]
[gasps]
[ann]
The ball is inside!
Toho Academy managed
- to tie the match!
-[cheering]
There's only one minute
until the end,
and Toho ties
the scoreboard.
- I'm shocked.
-Great job!
- I'm in awe from
-That's our captain!
- such an impressive play!
-You guys rock!
Yes, Captain!
That's it, Kojiro.
Your willpower
is truly admirable.
[Hikaru]
Well played, Hyuga.
Tsubasa is incredible...
but you're not far behind
at all.
[Kitazume]
What a splendid play, Hyuga.
[Kojiro]
Now I understand it.
I understand why Tsubasa
plays like that
even when he's injured.
It's because soccer
is really fun.
With every passing minute,
his inspiration...
is felt on the pitch.
There's no one
who can compare to him.
You're free, just like
your style of play.
I just wanted to beat you.
I didn't care what happened.
But your vision
for the game is clearer
and more passionate than
mine, Nankatsu's captain.
[Tsubasa]
Hyuga, you were incredible.
[Katagiri]
Tsubasa impressed us
using the Drive Shot.
And Hyuga took
the Tiger Shot
to a whole 'nother level.
In my opinion,
Hyuga caught up to Tsubasa.
[ann]
4 to 4.
We're once again
back to the beginning.
- We have but a minute
-Hurray! Hurray!
- on the clock.
-We will win!
There will be
no more extra time.
[ann] The championship
banner
will go to both teams,
or will
one of them achieve
- an unforgettable feat?
-[grunt]
[whistle]
[ann] And the match
starts back up again.
Here comes Nankatsu's
last play.
[grunt]
-[gasp]
-[ann] Sorimachi's able to
steal the ball from Izawa.
Captain!
-[pant] [grunt]
-[ann] The ball's
now at Hyuga's feet.
[Kojiro]
There's little time.
But it's enough to end this
with my Tiger Shot.
We'll stop him, guys.
No matter what happens,
we need to stop Hyuga.
-Yeah!
Don't give them
any openings.
[pants]
Keep it up!
They're playing well
without Tsubasa.
[ann] Hyuga has no space,
but keeps
- possession of the ball.
-[grunt]
Damn these brats.
[ann] There's less than
30 seconds of play,
- with no extra time granted.
-[growling]
We have no more time!
Everyone,
go ahead and attack!
-Yeah!
-[growl]
-[gasp]
[grunt]
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
[ann] Hyuga makes
-No!
a beautiful play.
-[growls]
-[gasp]
[ann] But Nankatsu's
man cover
is practically perfect.
The referee
looks at his watch.
Uhh...
Eve... Everyone...
Everyone's giving it
their all.
I have to go, I have to go.
Tsubasa...
[grunts]
I just need
a single opening.
-You're ours!
[grunt]
Right now!
[screams]
[ann] Hyuga's able to
break through the defense.
[Kojiro]
It's now or never.
This goal will give us
the championship.
[tiger growl]
Stop him now!
[Kojiro] This is it.
Get ready, Nankatsu.
We will win,
with my last Tiger Shot!
-[grunt]
-[tiger growl]
[ann]
Incredible.
Tsubasa dives
like a keeper
on the way of Hyuga's
- powerful Tiger Shot
-[grunt]
to block it.
[Kojiro]
Tsu... Tsubasa.
[gasp]
[ann]
The goalpost!
- The ball hits the crossbar
-[growl]
- dead on!
-Oh, that was close!
[Katagiri]
That was jaw dropping.
The ball grazed
Tsubasa's forehead.
[ann]
Wait a moment.
There's a player
in the pitch
who hasn't given up.
It's Tsubasa Ozora,
who's advancing towards
the ball
although he's injured.
-[gasp]
-Tsubasa!
Tsubasa!
Tsubasa, what're you
trying to pull?
Be careful!
[ann] Tsubasa gathers
his remaining strength
for his very last
Drive Shot.
What's he up to?
We're witnessing a true
soccer genius at work.
-[panting]
-Are you really trying to
shoot from there with all
of your injuries, Tsubasa?
[grunt]
[yell]
Hyuga!
[Kojiro]
Tsubasa!
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back!
[yell]
[grunt]
[ann] Hyuga attempts
to stop the Drive Shot
with the strength
of his Tiger Shot.
-[gasps]
-Big Brother!
[ann]
What way will
- the ball go
-[gasp]
during this amazing play
between
the two teams' captains?
[grunt]
[ann] Epic!
The ball's sent flying.
[Kojiro] You didn't
disappoint me, Tsubasa.
You went after the victory
until the last moment.
You even attempted
your shot at the end,
risking your body.
You're exceptional,
Tsubasa Ozora.
[Tsubasa]
Thank you, Hyuga.
You pushed me to my limits
and challenged me
with your Tiger Shot.
My Drive Shot has
a worthy opponent.
Kojiro Hyuga,
you're a soccer genius.
[whistle]
[ann] The match is over,
4 to 4.
Both teams are tied
in the end.
They couldn't break
the tie.
Today we have
two champions,
ladies and gentlemen.
So it's over...?
It's finally over.
[groan]
[groans]
[sigh of relief]
It's over now.
We tied.
In the end, we tied.
-[cheering]
-Yay, we did it!
-It doesn't matter
-Hurray!
-if it's a tie.
-Congratulations!
Nankatsu got the third
championship, everyone!
We're the champions!
Toho's the first
to achieve a title
in the middle school,
-high school, and university
-[laugh]
at the same time!
[Katagiri]
I think it's for the best.
Neither team deserved
to lose this match.
Tsubasa, we really did it.
We got the third
championship.
We were able to achieve
our dream, Captain.
-Captain, we're champions.
-[laugh]
We finally got the middle
school title, Captain.
Finally, it's over.
[groan]
[grunt]
[grunts]
Tsubasa...
Thank you, Hyuga.
-[grunt]
-[groan]
[grunt]
In the end,
I wasn't able to beat you.
You're untamable
on the pitch.
All I could do was
tie the match.
It wasn't like that.
You dominated
the whole match.
Your Tiger Shot
is incredible.
The second half
was all yours.
You only needed
a little more time
to win the match.
Tsubasa...
I appreciate it a lot.
You made me play with
everything until the end.
I'm very grateful for that,
Hyuga.
Thank you for the praise.
But I risked winning.
I put our personal rivalry
ahead of the team.
It's a shame you weren't on
your best condition.
I know.
I apologize.
I want you to go to Brazil.
Huh?
You know, if you stay
and play here in Japan...
I'll never get you
out of my mind, Tsubasa.
Hyuga...
You know what?
I think I'm finally
at peace, Tsubasa.
It was thanks to
our rivalry
that I had fun
while playing soccer.
I'm going to mature and
try to stop beating you.
I'll grow, so we can
play together someday.
From this moment on...
I'll train and look for more
clear objectives still...
Although if
I'm being honest,
I don't know where
I should head to.
Well said, Hyuga.
Grow up.
I'll go to Brazil
to live my dream.
I'll come back to see you.
Tsubasa...
I think this is the end.
Our rivalry ended
with today's match.
Yeah.
Tsubasa...
Captain Hyuga...
[grunt]
[chuckle]
[laugh]
-[gasps]
-[ann] What a tender moment.
Hyuga and Tsubasa
exchange jerseys.
- It's a sign of respect.
-[grunt]
-[ann] Smiles brighten up
- their faces
-[chuckle]
after an intense
- championship finals.
-[laugh]
[clapping]
[Katagiri]
The destined rivals,
Tsubasa Ozora and
the Tiger Kojiro Hyuga.
From today on,
they'll be friends
and teammates
in the field of play.
[fem ann] We present you
the championship banner.
[ann] There it is,
the championship banner,
enshrining both teams
as champions.
Tsubasa Ozora
representing Nankatsu
and Kojiro Hyuga
for Toho.
[ann] Both teams
remembered that
the banner
will remain in Toho
for the beginning
and then it will be
in Nankatsu
for the latter half
of the year.
Thank you for letting us
have it first.
Mhm.
[ann] And there's
Captain Hyuga,
raising
the championship banner.
-Captain!
Everyone...
This was possible
thanks to you guys.
Well done, Hyuga.
I've dreamed about
this moment
so many times, Kojiro.
You're a champion.
You're the Japanese
champion!
-Good job!
-That's my big bro!
-Good job, honey.
-Congratulations.
[narr] After
the awards ceremony,
the list of the best
24 players was announced.
Tsubasa Ozora and
Kojiro Hyuga
spear headed the list
as dignified representatives
of their young
and brilliant generation.
That's your name, Ken.
You're on the list,
Morisaki.
[gasp]
What?
No way, they chose me too?
I'm in there too.
Matsuyama,
that's your name up there.
Yeah.
-Me?
-I'm there too!
-Look there, Captain!
-Mhm.
-Wow!
-[chuckle]
[Hiroshi] Yeah!
Both of us made the list.
That's right.
We made it too.
[narr] The players
selected will attend
a personalized
training camp.
And the best
will be a part of
the national teams' roster,
who'll attend
a tournament in Europe.
[Jun]
Mr. Katagiri...
Huh?
If the offer still stands,
I would like to help you
with the team.
It'd be my honor.
Yeah.
Of course you can, Misugi.
Good for him.
-[laughs]
-[narr] Team Toho.
We did it, guys!
Well done!
-Yeah, we did it, guys!
-High five!
-Whoo! Yeah!
-[chuckle]
-[laugh]
-We can't lose!
[Kojiro]
Resignation letter...
We did it!
Congratulations, kids.
Head coach!
[Kitazume]
I'm proud of you, guys.
You played incredibly well.
Toho Academy,
we're champions!
-Champions!
-Whoo!
-Yeah!
-Champions of Japan!
[Kojiro]
Head coach...
Listen, this...
is for you, sir.
[narr]
Resignation letter.
-[gasps]
-Captain!
-Captain Hyuga!
-What?!
-You're leaving the school?
-Yeah.
I went to Okinawa
without permission.
I know that's not proper
conduct for a captain.
I assume all responsibility.
[Takeshi]
No, Captain.
[Ken]
[gasps]
You can't leave just yet,
Captain Hyuga.
The one leaving here is me.
But Head Coach...
I already presented
my resignation
and the principal
understood.
I let you play even when
I always said otherwise.
So I'll be leaving coaching
for a while.
I'm still leaving happy
with your achievement
in the tournament, Hyuga.
Oh...
Don't worry,
I won't leave soccer.
I'd like to think that...
just maybe, someday...
we'll go head to head.
Uhh...
Head Coach, I...
If you leave, Hyuga...
what will your teammates do?
Would you leave
Ken and Takeshi?
Would you leave the team
that got you
to the championship?
If you really feel
a responsibility
as the captain,
guide your team
in high school
and take them to the highest
echelon of soccer.
That's your burden to bear.
But uh...
why tell me this now?
National middle school
champions...
[chuckle]
Well then, shouldn't you
be celebrating?
Ah! Everyone, Team Toho,
get in line and salute.
-Yeah!
Head Coach Kitazume, sir.
-Thank you so much
-for everything!
Oh kids...
it was a pleasure
to have been your trainer.
[narr]
Team Nankatsu.
[Sanae]
Does it still hurt you?
Yeah, but I'm feeling
a lot better.
I've been meaning to
thank you for everything.
[chuckle]
It was nothing.
Just get better, okay?
-Huh?
-Tsubasa...
Tsubasa, thanks a lot.
Huh?
Thanks to you,
we achieved our dream.
We're going to graduate
from middle school
undefeated.
If you would've left
to Brazil,
it would've never happened.
[Tsubasa]
That's not true, guys.
-Huh?
This was possible because
it wasn't just me.
It was a team effort.
-Tsubasa!
-[chuckle]
That's right.
Thank you.
-That's very true.
-Yeah.
-Ah!
-It was a team effort.
Yeah! We got our third
championship!
-Yeah!
[Katagiri]
Just like I imagined...
We're before the Japanese
generation of soccer
that'll take us to victory.
The golden generation.
They'll represent us
at a world level,
and my sole purpose...
is to get them to
their maximum potential.
-[Ending Theme]
-[narr] Nankatsu and Toho
are the two champions
of Japan.
And so,
the most beautiful final
of the competion concluded.
But a few days later...
Now the 24 players
selected for
the national team's
training camp
started their training
with Kojiro Hyuga
leading them.
Due to his injuries,
Tsubasa can't be with them.
In his place, Shun Nitta,
from Otomo Middle School,
will be substituting.
We have pretty amazing
players, don't we, sir?
Yeah.
Uh...
But we're still
missing one person.
These players are
already very strong.
But with his presence,
everything would change.
That's very true, sir.
They'd be invincible
with him here.
We just need him
to come to us.
[chatter]
[Jun]
Everybody.
Huh?
Why didn't any of you
pick up this jersey?
[laughs]
That should be
pretty obvious.
Come on, Misugi.
That jersey
already has an owner
even if he isn't here.
-[Ryo] Exactly, Hyuga.
-Hmm...
Besides the number 10,
there's another jersey left.
Number 11 will be handed
personally by Mr. Katagiri.
[gasp]
Yeah!
[narr]
Paris, France.
-[Taro] [grunting]
-Huh?
Young man,
please be more careful.
If you're not looking,
you could fall down.
No worries,
the ball's my friend.
Isn't that right, Tsubasa?
[Katagiri] Tsubasa Ozora
and Taro Misaki...
Without the golden duo...
the national team
wouldn't be complete.
[narr]
Hamburg, Germany.
[grunt]
-[gasps]
-Look at that power!
That was his Fire Shot!
[grunt]
Your Fire shot
never ceases to amaze me...
Schneider.
[grunt]
Tsubasa...
The world is incredible.
There're so many
strong players.
Hurry up and show
the world your skill.
[Tsubasa]
Fly!
[laugh]
Yeah...
I'm happy to have
been in Nankatsu.
Three years ago,
my dream of going to Brazil
with Roberto was derailed...
But thanks to that,
I achieved another dream
next to my beloved
teammates.
[narr]
Sao Paulo, Brazil.
[Tsubasa]
But this time around,
I will go to Brazil,
the country of soccer.
The country that made me
fall in love with soccer.
Finally...
I'll go to South America
to become a professional.
Even if I achieved a dream,
it's not the end
of the road.
One day, I'll be the best
player in the whole world.
And I'll take Japan
to the World Cup.
That's my dream.
And I'm going to achieve it.
Fly!
[narr]
The end.